# CS-370

This project entailed using a deep Q-Learning network to solve the pathfinding problem. The model was designed to train a pirate agent to navigate through a maze in order to reach the end of the maze that contained treasure. A neural network using Q-Learning was utilized, along with the Epsilon-greedy algorithm, to train the agent across many epochs. The code that was provided included boilerplate Tensorflow code to set up the neural network, as well as code to design the game board and functions to play the game. The code that I had to design was the qtrain function, which implements the deep Q-Learning algorithm. 

Computer scientists solve problems through computation. They utilize computer systems and algorithms that transform data into useful information. In the context of this course, this involved implementing machine learning programs to identify and learn patterns in data to make predictions to solve problems. This work matters because computer scientists enable automation, efficiency, and discovery. It paves the way for future innovation and helps solve societal problems in order to improve the public’s quality of life.

How I approach problems as a computer scientist involves several steps. First, the problem needs to be clearly identified. Next, the problem should be modeled, so that it can be solved using a computational framework. Thirdly, I will develop and test algorithms. In the case of the project in this course, the Q-Learning algorithm was developed, and various values for epsilon and the number of epochs were tested. Finally, the solution will be evaluated and iterated upon. When discovering the solution has not been effective, the values are adjusted and more testing occurs. 

My ethical responsibilities to the organization and end users include designing programs with the intent to eliminate bias and promote fairness. The programs must be in alignment with human values, and seek to protect user data in a fair and transparent manner. Especially important with machine learning programs is ensuring accountability, or the ability to explain why a decision has been chosen by the model, as this can often be ambiguous. In the end, fairness and user safety should be prioritized above profits and efficiency.
